Story Recapped here. Today, I'm going to explain
a horror and thriller film called "Wrong Turn."
Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care.
In the West Virginian Appalachian wilderness,
a couple climbs deep within the forest. The man
reaches the top while his girlfriend struggles.
She loses footing, but luckily she’s on a harness.
She asks her boyfriend to pull her up, but
he doesn’t respond. Suddenly, the man lays
lifeless by the edge. His killer throws him over
the edge and starts pulling the woman’s harness.
She uses a knife to cut her harness, but she
loses balance and falls beside her dead boyfriend.
The killer chases her down,
and she runs for her life.
With her car in sight, she trips on barbwire.
The killer then pulls her and kills her.
News about the couple’s death spreads
throughout the county, reaching Chris’
car radio as he drives along. He
encounters unexpected traffic.
Chris exits the vehicle to ask
a trucker what’s happening.
The trucker says a truck spilled chemicals on the
road, and it’ll take hours until it’s cleaned up.
Chris starts up his car and turns back. He tries
to call someone to inform them that he’ll be late
for his job interview, but he has no reception.
On his way, Chris sees a sign and takes a detour.
He arrives at a gas station. Chris
uses the payphone, but it doesn’t work.
He asks the owner if he has another
phone, but he refuses to lend it to him.
So Chris looks at the map, and
he finds a marked-off path.
As he leaves, the owner wishes
him good luck with the journey,
seeming like he foresees
grim events about to occur.
On the path, Chris encounters a crossroads.
He sees a sign that says bear mountain road.
He thinks for a while and continues to drive
down that path. Suddenly, his stereo acts up,
the C.D. ejects, and Chris reaches for it. He
puts it back, and he regains control. However,
he gets distracted by his dashing looks in the
rearview mirror and crashes into another vehicle.
As Chris exits his car, Scott and Carly
approach him to make sure he's okay. Evan
starts berating him for driving
recklessly, and Francine
asks him to pay for the damage done to her
mother’s car. The group explains that they
blew a tire, which is why they’re stuck in the
middle of the road. Jessie informs the group that
she found a barbwire that punctured their tires.
They plan to look for someone that can help them.
Jessie converses with Chris
and asks him to carry her bag.
Scott apologizes as he feels terrible
for the way his friends treat Chris.
The four of them leave while Evan and
Francine stay behind to keep watch.
Scott becomes friendly with Chris, asking him if
everything was in slow motion when he crashed.
Chris just laughs at his silly remarks. After
a while, the group encounters a dead animal.
Scott thinks it’s a squirrel, but
Chris corrects him, saying it’s a mink.
Humblebragging the fact that
he went to medical school.
Evan and Francine contemplate how they should’ve
taken Jessie to New York instead of the woods.
Francine says that Jessie loves the woods, and as
her friends, they should help her get through her
recent breakup. The conversation leads to Francine
sliding down and asking Evan to remove his pants.
She kisses him and plans to up
the ante by going down on Evan.
Meanwhile, Scott and Carly daydream
about their future as a couple.
Scott then sees flames beside a tree.
Someone started a fire not too long ago,
and they call out to the mystery person. However,
no one answers, and they go about their way.
Evan searches the back of their vehicle to find
something to eat, while Francine snacks on a
candy bar in Chris’ car. She looks through Chris’
C.D.’s and judges his taste in music. Suddenly,
a faint noise of a branch breaking sparks Evan’s
curiosity, and he leaves to check it out. Feeling
worried, Francine walks deeper into the forest to
search for him. On the ground, she sees his shoe.
Concurrently, Scott and Carly are planning
their future wedding. He acts more of a bride
than her as he chooses their wedding singer. As
time passes, Scott gets lost in his thoughts.
He finally realizes that
Carly isn’t with him anymore.
After more searching, Francine
sees Evan’s ear on the ground.
She steps back in fear and disgust,
unknowingly walking to her death.
Scott is starting to feel more anxious
as Carly is still nowhere to be found.
She then appears, scaring Scott. The two then
catch up with Chris and Jessie standing at
the edge of a cliff. Scott pretends
to trip, almost going over the edge.
Chris and Jessie leave the two as Carly starts
talking about their future sensual escapades.
The couples arrive at a cabin in the woods.
They find it odd that several abandoned vehicles
surround the home. Chris knocks on the cabin, but
no one answers. They decide to enter the shack.
They rummage through all the filth to
try and find a phone, but to no avail.
Scott urges them to leave the place as he
suspects that the homeowner belongs to a cult,
but Carly shouts at him to shut up. Scott then
opens a room filled with random items. Jessie also
finds an odd collection of sunglasses. Meanwhile,
Chris finds a pot filled with boiling dark liquid.
Chris enters another room that has a working
generator powering up refrigerators and coolers.
He opens it up to find jars filled with body
parts. Simultaneously, Jessie finds barbed
wire covered up in a corner, Chris opens up
a container with human flesh, and Carly sees
a dead body submerged in the bathtub. They’re
about to leave when suddenly, a pick-up truck
arrives with their vehicles in tow. They try to
exit through the backdoor, but it’s barricaded.
The mutants enter their home while Jessie and
Scott hide under a bed. One of the mutants drops
Francine’s body, and the two see her mangled
face. Her blood flows through Chris’ hand, and
they shake in fear and disgust. The mutants with
deformed faces then start cutting up Francine.
A bullet drops under the bed, and a mutant
reaches for it, luckily missing the two under
the bed. Behind a keyhole, Carly whimpers
at the sight of them butchering her friend.
After some time, the mutants take a
deserved nap after a long day of killing.
The two couples start to make their way out
of the cabin. Carly knocks down a pitcher,
making noise, but the mutants stay sleeping. She
can’t bear to look at Francine’s chopped-up body.
They near the exit, and as Jessie opens the
door, Chris holds onto the door spring to
stop it from making a sound. His hands start
to bleed as everyone takes their time leaving.
Due to this, one of the mutants
awakens and sees them leaving.
They start running up the mountain, and behind
them are the brothers riding off for another hunt.
Carly is in distress, slowing down the group.
Scott comforts her by talking about their future,
and she calms down. They arrive in an area filled
with abandoned vehicles and remnants of murders.
In the distance, Chris hears the pick-up truck
closing in. They get down to avoid being seen,
and the deformed brothers start to search for
their prey. Chris plans to use the pick-up truck
to escape. Scott suggests one of them distracts
the mutants while the others get into the vehicle.
Without hesitating, Chris starts running
and shouting. One of the mutants shoots
Chris in the calf, disabling him. To try and
save him, Scott also runs to distract them.
Jessie and Carly help Chris to
the truck. Upon opening the door,
Evan rolls out, and Carly
gets emotional once more.
They drive off, but right behind them is
one of the brothers. Deeper in the woods,
they spot Scott. He runs towards them, but he
suddenly stops moving. An arrow pierces his chest,
killing him. Another arrow shatters the glass,
prompting Jessie to drive, leaving Scott behind.
In the truck, Carly can't accept her fiance’s
death and begs Jessie to turn back. After a few
hours of driving, they return to the path. Without
the love of her life, Carly’s eyes are lifeless.
Unfortunately, the truck gets stuck in the mud,
so they abandon it. Carly refuses to believe they
can survive and loses all hope. Jessie tries to
tell her that Scott sacrificed himself so they
could survive. She eventually listens, and
they continue their journey. Chris cuts it
close as he almost gets caught in a bear trap.
Carly then maniacally laughs at what happened.
The group comes across a watchtower. Carly starts
shouting to see if someone is up there, and Jessie
asks her to be quiet. They climb up the rickety
ladder, and they reach the top just in time for
sunset. Chris and Jessie start to look for nearby
roads or towns while Carly remains pessimistic.
They find a first aid kit, and
Jessie helps in fixing up Chris’ leg.
Carly finds a radio, but no one
responds to their distress call.
Outside, a faint light from a torch
signals Chris that the mutants are close.
The mutants pass by them, but a blaring
alarm from the radio catches their attention.
A ranger receives their distress call and asks for
their location. Carly shouts that she doesn’t know
where they are. The mutants start climbing up
the ladder, and Chris starts to barricade the
entrance. Jessie gives them a general idea of
their whereabouts. The radio base advises them
to stay put as he’ll come to rescue them.
One mutant starts poking through the hatch,
and Chris starts crushing it. Suddenly, they stop
trying to enter, and it becomes eerily silent.
As smoke rises outside, they realize that the
watchtower is on fire. Carly throws a crate
through the window and plans to jump, saying she’d
rather die from the impact than burn to death.
Chris realizes that Carly is right, saying
there’s a possibility to survive the fall.
He jumps, and the branches catch him.
Carly and Jessie successfully follow,
but the mutants hear their screams.
They start walking through the trees, hiding
within the shadows. Random arrows fire up from
below, making them wary of their every move. One
of the mutants comes face to face with Carly,
and he buries an ax in her face. Chris and
Jessie watch as her body separates from her head.
They continue to escape, and the laughs and
wails of the mutants echo throughout the forest.
Chris stops to pull on a branch that he intends
to use to push off the mutant in the trees.
Jessie leaves to lure the mutant. The mutant
drops behind her with a knife in hand.
Chris lets go of the branch
and the mutant flies off.
Chris and Jessie hide behind a waterfall. Jessie
opens up about her breakup, saying it was her
fault that her friends died. Chris comforts her
as they spend the night in each other’s embrace.
Jessie dreams about the mutants attacking her.
She wakes up, startling Chris. They leave the
waterfall to carry on with their escape. The first
sign of hope appears as they see a road. But then,
an ax hurls toward Chris, and the mutants
surround them. They push Chris off, and they
abduct Jessie. A ranger drives down the road,
and Chris intercepts him. He reports about the
mutants killing them. However, an arrow pierces
the ranger’s eye midway through the conversation.
The mutant barely misses the next shot,
prompting Chris to hide under the car.
The mutant grabs the keys and looks underneath
to find no one. Chris hides behind the shrubbery,
waiting for the mutant to enter the car. He
slides and latches onto the undercarriage.
Back in the cabin, Jessie asks the mutant to
let her go. Chris and the other mutant arrive,
and he watches him drag the ranger to the
cabin. He hears Jessie’s cries as she watches
them butcher the ranger. Suddenly, a fire erupts,
and one of the mutants approaches to check on it.
Chris rams the front of the house and the mutant
with it. He throws a Molotov at the last mutant,
lighting him on fire. He stabs him, and the
burning mutant falls to the ground. As soon as
Chris frees Jessie, another mutant throws him to
the wall, grabs an ax, and starts attacking him.
The mutant strangles Chris, allowing Jessie to
shoot him in the back of the head with an arrow.
As they think the horror has ended,
the last mutant rushes towards Chris.
Jessie hits him from behind with a burning
piece of wood. The mutant focuses on her with
two knives in hand, kicking her through the
glass. Chris then strangles him with a chain,
and Jesse deals the final blow with
an ax. The three are still alive,
and with only a single shot, Chris shoots
a fuel tank, and the cabin explodes.
After a while, the mutants' pick-up truck
approaches the gas station, and the owner
closes up in fear. To his surprise, a beaten-up
Chris steps out of the vehicle to grab a map.
Chris and Jesse survive, and they
drive off for Chris’ job interview.
Inbred, serial-killing, and cannibal
brothers reside within the forest
somewhere in West Virginia. For years,
they’ve gruesomely murdered passing
tourists that simply want to immerse
themselves with nature for vacation.
Unaware that they’ll soon be immersed in a pool
of their own blood. A group of young adults
encountered the mutants and experienced
the same horrors as those before them.
However, with skill, luck, and plot armor on their
side, Chris and Jessie barely survive. Ridding
the world of murderers, and creating a special
relationship built on the foundations of trauma.
After a harrowing encounter with hillbilly
inbred cannibalistic mutants deep in the woods,
Chris and Jessie make it out alive. With their
friends all fallen victim to the killers,
Chris and Jessie have a newfound respect for
life and have formed a stronger bond
through a shared traumatic experience.